# Fashionista-Admin
Admin Portion of the project
This project was a great way to end ILP training. It was a culmination of almost everything we have talked about and then some. Coming in I was a bit worried. I had barely touched html, css, and JavaScript. When we started learning about typescript I thought I was speaking a totally different language. After everything we had gone through during this Simplilearn phase, I feel I have a decent grasp of all those languages, including ts. The Fashionista site was a good culmination of everything we did. For me, it was a very good refresher in regards to angular. During the second project, I was getting very mad. I could not figure out why my angular for loop was not working (it would make everything inside it disappear). Upon the start of this project, I realized I should have been passing the result in the ngSubmit method. I felt pretty foolish after realizing that one. Like the previous project, this one had its ups and downs.
As soon as I learned about the assignment I immediately built my web page designs. I wanted to get a head start so I could have as much time as possible to try and implement everything. Once we learned about routing, I realized that I would have to change a lot on the back end in order for everything to run smoothly so I decided to create a new project and just use some of the html that I had already created. Not only that, but it wasn’t until the last couple of days that I realized we were not building an online store for electronics, we were building one for clothing items. That pretty much killed my home page which I thought was perfect. I kept it in for irony. 
The shop itself is almost exactly where I want it to be. All the routing navigation and product visuals are working well. I was going to add a “sort by” function to each page which would allow the user to sort the items they see by company. Unfortunately, it took me until the last minute to figure out how to get the companies from the database and into a drop-down list. And that was in the admin part of my project where the methods, models, controllers, routes, etc. for companies was already implemented. It would have taken me at least an hour or two, maybe more, to implement, figure out, and test everything so I decided not to rush and give a slipshod product. In the future, I know exactly how to do it, which is the most important thing. The cart function works. The customer can add a product to the cart and the products are saved via local data. I couldn’t get items to be pushed to the db however. That is because of the login/ register function.
The login/ register function works perfectly for the admin page. The same cannot be said for the shop. In theory, I thought everything would be the same but altered slightly. The customer can access the shop and all the products whether they are logged in or not. They can add the items to the cart as well. When they click checkout, the program check whether the user is authorized (signed in). If not, they are directed to the login/ register page where they get their customer info from the db or add their info to the customer collection in the db. If they are authorized, the items are added to the cart collection in mongodb, that cart is then added to the customer’s cart in the db based on their _id. They would then be directed to another webpage (cart-details) by passing their id, and that page would display their username, email, password, and cart details. Like I said, in my head it seemed very straight forward. However, I ran into many, many, snags just trying to get the login/register function working. I copied the code from my admin project and pasted it into my shop one. That gave me a ton of errors, most of which I have never seen. I installed all the necessary packages and thought I was in the clear. However, I kept getting one error. It said the server could was trying to get something but whatever I did made that object become null. The location of the error was deep in I believe node modules, somewhere you never want to be for fear of ruining your whole program with one tiny mistake. I searched for a while trying to find a solution. One solution was that after a lot of restarting, the error just disappeared. I did my best to restart as many times as I could but after a while I knew I had to give up because time was running out and I still had things to fix and make better. I think if I had a little more time I could come up with the solution to the login because I am fairly confident my theory will work once I get rid of that server error. 
For the admin part, everything is up and running smoothly. The user cant access anything until they are signed in because this is “shop data” and capabilities they are trying to access. All the CRUD operations for companies and products work well. There was one thing I noticed at the penultimate minute. I was adding products to the database and after the 12th or 13th product, the table stopped displaying products. I couldn’t find a quick solution or explanation as to why it wouldn’t keep displaying and just extend the page. That is the only thing about the admin that I couldn’t figure out. I’m certain there is a reasonable explanation but I didn’t have time to find it.
All in all I am satisfied with my performance. I learned and implemented the mistake from last project, and I implemented new knowledge as well. Almost every task was completed and the last one would have been given a little more time. It was a great way to end ILP and get ready to go out into the real world. I am supposed to start at my first client tomorrow but I think that is going to be pushed back to Friday or Monday. We shall see, let’s ride fellas (and lady fellas). 
	
